[wrangler] Surface API error notes in "Some triggers failed to deploy" message (#14333)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/trigger-deploy-error-notes.md

---
"wrangler": patch
---

Surface underlying API error details in "Some triggers failed to deploy" message

Previously, when a trigger (workflow, schedule, custom domain) failed to deploy, Wrangler only showed the generic "A request to the Cloudflare API (...) failed." message without the actual reason. The real cause (e.g. `cron_requires_paid_plan`) was only visible with `WRANGLER_LOG=debug`.

> Now the specific API error notes are included directly in the error message, so users immediately see why a trigger deployment failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Surface underlying API error details in "Some triggers failed to deploy" message

Previously, when a trigger (workflow, schedule, custom domain) failed to deploy, Wrangler only showed the generic "A request to the Cloudflare API (...) failed." message and swallowed the actual reason. Now the specific API error notes are included directly in the error message.
```
